Postprandial Dysmetabolism 
      Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a common disease associated with multiple complications and an
      increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Also, it is a heavy economical
      burden on society. 1st degree relatives of patients with T2D have an increased risk of
      developing T2D. This risk can be modified by the ingested diet: a traditional north European
      diet rich in saturated fat increases the risk, while a Mediterranean diet rich in
      monounsaturated fat protects from development of T2D and cardiovascular disease.

      T2D is a part of the metabolic syndrome consisting of T2D, hypertension, adipositas,
      dyslipidemia and steatosis. The pathogenesis of the metabolic syndrome is partly explained by
      fasting dyslipidemia, postprandial dysmetabolism (derangement of lipid and carbohydrate
      metabolism) and impaired metabolic flexibility. Partly, it can be explained by a chronic
      low-grade inflammation in peripheral tissue. The dysmetabolism and the inflammation are
      correlating entities exerting their influence through common biochemical pathways. This is
      established in patients with T2D, but sparsely studied in healthy relatives of patients with
      T2D.

      In this project, the investigators will study postprandial dysmetabolism, inflammation,
      oxidative stress, adipocytokines, incretins, appetite regulating hormones and the expression
      of the genes involved in above mentioned. We will compare healthy 1st degree relatives of
      patients with T2D with healthy controls with no family history of T2D and look into
      differences in the response to meal stimulation with respectively saturated and
      monounsaturated fat. The subjects will be thoroughly examined with a hyperinsulinaemic
      euglycaemic clamp and a DEXA scan. Before and after the meal stimulation, we will perform
      calorimetry (in order to determine the metabolic rates), take blood samples and perform
      muscle and fat tissue biopsies. The biopsies will be used for studies of a vast number of
      genes.

      The project will give us new valuable knowledge about the interaction between the
      intermediate metabolism and the innate immune system and the early pre-diabetic changes in
      the 1st degree relatives of patients with T2D. In the long run, the project will contribute
      to improving our guidance and treatment of persons at risk of developing T2D.
     Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus :

          -  Relatives: Minimum 2 1st degree relatives with type 2 diabetes or 1 one 1st degree
             relative with type 2 diabetes and history of gestational diabetes.

          -  Controls: No family history of type 2 diabetes and fasting blood glucose <6.0 mM.

         :

          -  Cardiovascular, renal or endocrine disease.

          -  Treatment with steroids.

          -  Psychiatric history.

          -  Abuse of alcohol or narcotics.

          -  Smoking.

          -  Pregnancy or breast-feeding.
      