Pilot Study of the Efficacy and Safety of Q8003 in Patients Who Have Undergone Total Knee Arthroplasty or Total Hip Arthroplasty 
      This is a Phase 2 3-arm, open label pilot study of the safety and efficacy of Q8003 in
      patients who have undergone primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty or total hip
      arthroplasty.
     
      This Phase 2 study is a 3 arm, open-label pilot study to evaluate:

        -  the analgesic efficacy of a flexible ascending regimen of Q8003 compared to a low dose
           regimen of Q8003 (3 mg/2 mg and potentially up to 6 mg/ 4mg) and to 1-2 Percocet® 5
           mg/325 mg tablets. Study drug will be administered every 4-6 hours over a 48-hour
           Treatment Period to inpatients with moderate to severe postoperative pain who have
           undergone primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty or total hip arthroplasty.

        -  for the flexible ascending regimen of Q8003 treatment group, to evaluate the adequacy of
           the algorithm for conversion of IV PCA morphine to oral morphine equivalent doses of
           Q8003.

        -  the safety of the flexible ascending regimen of Q8003 administered over a 48-hour
           Treatment Period.
     Postoperative Pain :

          -  Male of female, at least 18 years of age at time of enrollment.

          -  If female, be at least one year post-menopausal, surgically sterile or practicing
             effective contraception, be non-lactating, and if of child-bearing potential, have a
             negative urine pregnancy test result.

          -  Have a body mass index (BMI) of 38 kg/m2 or less.

          -  Have undergone a primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty or total hip arthroplasty
             performed under standardized general, spinal or epidural anesthesia.

          -  Have developed moderate to severe pain (a score of 2 or more on the 4 point Likert
             scale or at least 4 on the 11 point NPRS scale within 6 hours of discontinuing PCA on
             the morning after surgery).

         :

          -  In the opinion of the Investigator, has a history of pulmonary, cardiovascular
             (including uncontrolled hypertension), neurologic, endocrine, hepatic,
             gastrointestinal, or kidney disease or therapy that, in the opinion of the
             Investigator, would jeopardize the patient's well being by participation in this study
             or is mentally or emotionally unsuitable to participate, or unable/unwilling to comply
             with the study assessments.

          -  Used opiates continuously (including tramadol) for more than ten days in the past
             year.

          -  Hypersensitivity or poor tolerance to ibuprofen or short term opioids.

          -  Currently receiving any medications that are not at a stable dose (the same dose for >
             2 months prior to date of surgery).

          -  Was dosed with another investigational drug within 30 days prior to the Screening
             Visit or has previously received treatment with Q8003.

          -  Current therapy with central nervous system depressant medications that might increase
             the risks of treatment with opioids (other than those used with surgical anesthesia).

          -  Current evidence of alcohol abuse (regularly drinks more than 4 units of alcohol per
             day; 1 unit = ½ pint of beer, 1 glass of wine, or 1 ounce of spirit).

          -  History of abusing licit or illicit drug substances within five (5) years of study
             entry.

          -  Has taken drugs known to interact with morphine or oxycodone metabolism, including,
             but not limited to, phenothiazines, monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI), amphetamines,
             and muscle relaxants within the 4 weeks prior to the date of surgery.
      