Can Presumptive Anthelminthic Treatment Delay the Progression of HIV in ART-naïve Patients in Rural Africa? 
      This study focuses on one of the major health issues of Sub-Saharan Africa: multi-parasitism
      and co-infections. In particular this study aims to elucidate the interaction of helminths
      with HIV.

      There is good reason to suspect a detrimental effect of helminth infection on the course of
      HIV infection. We hypothesize, that treatment of helminths in HIV- and helminth co-infected
      individuals leads to a reduction of HIV viral load. With a lower HIV RNA level one would
      expect a slower decline of CD4 cells and hence also a slower progression of the disease.
      Ideally this would lead to a prolongation of the chronic phase of HIV infection and to a
      delay in the time when anti-retroviral treatment needs to be started.
     
      * Background: On the basis of immunological considerations and in vitro trials on
      co-infections there is strong reason to suspect a detrimental effect of helminth infection on
      the course of HIV. The immunological answer very efficiently evoked by helminth infection is
      aimed at hijacking and suppressing the immune system in order to suit the requirements of the
      specific helminth. This permits helminths to cause chronic infection, often persisting over
      years and allowing some infecting worms to grow to several centimetres of length within their
      host. However, this immune modulation also affects non-related antigens (for example HIV)
      which would actually require a different line of immunological action.

      Some clinical trials have been able to confirm this detrimental effect of helminths on HIV
      infection, while other trials failed to do so. A recent Cochrane review on clinical trials
      with HIV and helminth co-infection found an overall slight reduction of HIV viral load if
      helminth infection was treated. However there was no measurable effect on CD4 count or
      clinical staging of HIV. This might be explained by the fact that these trials were very
      heterogeneous in their set-up and were run for too short a time (max 6 months) to allow
      sufficient answers to these questions.

      According to mathematical models, even a relatively modest reduction of HIV RNA by 0.5 log
      could delay the need to start combined antiretroviral therapy by about 3.5 years and
      potentially prolong the symptom-free phase of HIV-infection by nearly 1 year. On a population
      scale this could lead to substantial savings with regard to drug and clinical costs and on an
      individual level to an invaluable gain in drug-free and ideally also symptom-free life years.

        -  Objective: To assess the impact of presumptive anthelminthic treatment on HIV
           progression in patients infected with HIV in a rural setting with presumed high
           prevalence of helminth infection.

        -  Methods: Randomised open-label trial of presumptive triple anthelminthic treatment in
           HIV positive patients not yet requiring anti-retroviral treatment.
     HIV Infections :

          -  HIV-positive patients

          -  most recent CD4-count > 250 c/μl (latest within the previous 7 months)

          -  anti-retroviral treatment naïve

          -  age >18 years

          -  provide written informed consent

         :

          -  Pregnant and lactating women in the first week of lactation

          -  Symptoms of severe anemia (or haemoglobin <5g/dl within the precious 3 months)

          -  Symptoms of chronic diarrhea (defined as >= 3 stools per day of loose consistency for
             more than 2 weeks)

          -  Patients on treatment for tuberculosis

          -  WHO clinical stage 3 disease and CD4-count <350 c/μl

          -  WHO clinical stage 4 disease
      