Efficacy Investigation Study of Olopatadine Hydrochloride Ophthalmic Solution Using OHIO Chamber in Patients With Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis (SAR) 
      To evaluate the efficacy of olopatadine 0.1% using the OHIO Chamber in patients with seasonal
      allergic conjunctivitis.
     Allergic Conjunctivitis :

          1. Age/Gender: males and females aged >20 to < 65 years (at the time of obtaining
             consent).

          2. Positive cases in whom blood specific IgE antibody quantification against cedar pollen
             showed class 2-6 in a health checkup conducted within the past 3 years.

          3. Cases who were diagnosed as patients with seasonal allergic conjunctivitis and were
             judged eligible as subjects of the said study by the investigator or co-investigator
             from the results of medical examination conducted on the day of the study or prior to
             it.

          4. Cases who gave consent on study participation of their own free will in writing, with
             understanding the contents of the said study.

         :

          1. Cases with an ocular disease that requires treatment other than allergic
             conjunctivitis.

          2. Cases with an inflammatory ocular disease in the external/anterior part of the eye
             that may affect drug efficacy evaluation.

          3. Cases with a respiratory disease such as bronchial asthma other than allergic
             rhinitis.

          4. Cases with past history of anaphylaxis.

          5. Cases with past history of hypersensitivity to olopatadine hydrochloride/tranilast.

          6. Cases undergoing immunotherapy (hyposensitization therapy; modulated therapy).

          7. Patients who are pregnant, lactating women, or may be pregnant, or cases wishing to be
             pregnant during the study period.

          8. Other cases who are judged ineligible for participation in the main study by the
             doctor in charge of the study.
      