Pharmacokinetics of Immunosuppressive Drugs in Heart Transplant Patients 
      The main objective is to develop pharmacokinetic methods for individual dose adjustment of
      the global immunosuppressive treatment (cyclosporine, tacrolimus, mycophenolate mofetil and
      everolimus, taking into account the pharmacokinetic interactions), in order to optimise the
      efficiency and reduce the potentially severe sides effects of these drugs.

      Forty five heart-transplant patients are to be included in this phase IV study to obtain a
      minimum of 10 patients treated with tacrolimus-mycophenolate, 10 with
      cyclosporine-mycophenolate and 20 with everolimus-cyclosporine.

      Ten to 11 blood samples will be collected within the 8 to 12 hours post-dose in each patient
      and the immunosuppressive drug concentrations will be measured by LC-MS/MS.

      The pharmacokinetic models and Bayesian estimators thus developed will provide tools for
      individual dose adjustment of immunosuppressive drugs simultaneously, at different
      post-transplant periods, using the area under the concentration-time curve (AUC) estimated
      using a limited number of time-points (2 or 3).
     
      For each heart transplant patient, 10 to 11 blood samples (5 mL each) will be collected
      following dosing of he immunosuppressive drugs (at T0, T20', T40', T60', T90', T2h, T3h, T4h,
      T6h, T8h and T10h + T12h for inpatients), at several post-transplant periods (7 to 15 days, 1
      month, 3 month and 1 year after transplantation). One more blood sample will be taken at
      D7-14 for pharmacogenetic analyses.
     Heart Transplant :

          -  Patient having received of a heart transplant (exclusively) less than 2 weeks before
             the inclusion date or planned to receive it within days following inclusion.

          -  Patient at least 18 years old, male or female.

          -  Patient treated with one of the following combination : cyclosporine-mycophenolate,
             tacrolimus-mycophenolate or everolimus- "low-dose" cyclosporine for at least 3 days,
             and at least 24 hours by the oral route at the time of the first sampling day (between
             7 and 15 days post-transplant).

          -  Patient included or not in another study, in particular in a therapeutic trial (e.g.
             comparison between drug combinations).

          -  Patient having given written informed consent for his/her participation to the trial.

         :

          -  Patients in disagreement with the present trial.

          -  Patients suffering from neuro-psychic problems, making them unable to well-understand
             the protocol or to give a reliable consent.

          -  Patients with previous heart or any other solid organ transplantation.

          -  Patients with double transplantation (heart-lung, heart-kidney or heart-liver)

          -  Patients still intubated and ventilated 15 days post-transplant.

          -  Patients with anaemia between Day 7 and 15, as characterized by hematocrit < 30% or
             haemoglobin < 9 g/dl.
      