Pilot Study of a Raltegravir Based NRTI Sparing Regimen 
      This pilot study will provide data on the safety and efficacy of the combination of
      Raltegravir (RAL) 400mg BID + Atazanavir (ATV) 300 mg BID in Antiretroviral (ARV)-experienced
      subjects that have a suppressed HIV viral load on a Ritonavir (RTV) boosted Protease
      Inhibitor (PI) based regimen who are then switched to a regimen of RAL 400mg BID +ATV 300mg
      BID.
     
      The purpose of this pilot study is to compare the virological efficacy, as measured by the
      proportion of patients with plasma HIV-RNA below the limit of detection (<50 copies/mL), of
      two ARV regimens; patients are randomized to remain on regimens containing N(t)RTI(s) + PI/r
      or switch to Raltegravir + ATV but without N(t)RTI(s).

      Study Arms:

        1. N(t)RTI(s) based backbone + PI/r

        2. Raltegravir (RAL) 400mg BID + atazanavir (ATV) 300 mg BID

      Antiretroviral (ARV) treatment guidelines currently recommend ARV regimens containing a
      Nucleos(t)ide Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors [N(t)RTI(s)] based backbone with a Non
      Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor (NNRTI) or ritonavir boosted Protease Inhibitor
      (PI/r).(1) However, significant toxicity has been associated with N(t)RTI(s) and PI/r
      containing regimens. N(t)RTI(s) can cause lipoatrophy, lipid elevations, renal toxicity,
      neuropathy and lactic acidosis.(1) These toxicities have required clinicians and HIV-infected
      individuals to use alternative ARV regimens that do not use N(t)RTI(s). PIs are known to
      cause gastrointestinal side effects, dyslipidemia, and fat maldistribution
      (lipodystrophy).(1) The DHHS HIV treatment guidelines recommend that PIs should be given with
      a low dose of ritonavir (RTV). RTV is a PI that has an inhibitory effect on cytochrome P-450
      3A4 isoenzyme which metabolizes most PIs. The addition of RTV serves as a pharmacokinetic
      "booster" by increasing PI drug concentrations.(1) However, RTV is known to increase PI side
      effects, elevate lipid levels and has significant drug-drug interactions with many
      medications given to HIV+ individuals.(1) These RTV drug interactions can complicate the
      medical care of an HIV-infected individual.

      Raltegravir (RAL) is a recently FDA approved antiretroviral agent that inhibits HIV
      replication by blocking the integration of HIV proviral DNA into the host cell chromosomal
      DNA. RAL does not exhibit cross resistance to other ARV classes and thus has been initially
      used in HIV-infected individuals that are infected with drug resistant HIV strains. Recently
      published data on the use of RAL(2,3)in HIV-infected subjects with known ARV drug resistance
      or those without ARV drug resistance4 demonstrates that RAL is a potent agent, suppressing
      HIV viral loads in the majority of subjects and having excellent CD4 cell responses.(2-4) RAL
      is metabolized through glucuronidation by the uridine diphosphate-glucuronosyl transferase
      1A1 (UGT1A1) enzyme pathway.(5)ATV is a known inhibitor of this enzyme pathway. ATV will
      increase RAL levels,(5) however, the current DHHS HIV treatment guidelines do not recommend a
      change in the dose of RAL if given with ATV as persons receiving ATV and RAL have
      demonstrated good tolerability of the combination and low side effect profiles.(1-3,5)

      The availability of RAL provides an opportunity to examine alternative ARV strategies that
      may be equally efficacious and less toxic than those currently recommended in HIV treatment
      guidelines. Such combinations might include RAL+ATV regimen without a concomitant N(t)RTI(s)
      based backbone and/or the inclusion of RTV. However, there is little data available to date
      regarding such a combination. HIV care providers have already begun to use the combination of
      RAL+ unboosted ATV as the patients they care for are intolerant of RTV or have had major side
      effects/toxicity with N(t)NRTIs. More investigation is required to determine if RAL+ATV is an
      efficacious and safe alternative to RTV boosted PI based ARV strategies. Before a RAL based
      strategy that does not include N(t)RTIs or RTV can be compared to other ARV class strategies
      for long-term efficacy outcomes, preliminary data on a RAL+ATV based regimen is needed. This
      pilot study will provide data on the safety and efficacy of the combination of RAL 400mg BID
      + ATV 300 mg BID in ARV-experienced subjects that have a suppressed HIV viral load on a RTV
      boosted PI based regimen who are then switched to a regimen of RAL 400mg BID +ATV 300mg BID.
     Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome :

          -  HIV-1 positive

          -  On stable ARV-therapy for a minimum of 4 months with a HIV viral load of < 50 copies

          -  Currently on a N(t)RTI(s) based backbone + PI/r

          -  No prior history of PI drug resistance (by historical genotype or phenotype)

          -  Aged > 18 years of age

          -  Written informed consent

          -  Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using an adequate method of
             contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study and for up to 8 weeks after the
             last dose of investigational product, in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is
             minimized.

         :

          -  Prior exposure to Raltegravir or Elvitegravir

          -  A detectable HIV viral load >50 copies within the last 4 months

          -  An ARV change within the last 4 months

          -  History of PI drug resistance

          -  Prior virologic failure on an ATV containing regimen

          -  Prior history of intolerance to ATV

          -  Pregnant or nursing mothers

          -  Pre-existing grade 3 or above laboratory toxicity except for lipids:

          -  Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) < 750 cells/mL.

          -  Hemoglobin < 8.0 g/dL.

          -  Platelet count < 50 000 cells/mL.

          -  AST, ALT and alkaline phosphatase > 5 x ULN.

          -  Serum bilirubin > 5 x ULN.

          -  calculated creatinine clearance of <50mL/min/1.73m2

          -  Patients with chronic active hepatitis B infection defined by positive serum Hbs
             antigen

          -  Use of any prohibited medications and/or the use of proton pump inhibitors in ATV plus
             RAL containing regimens)

          -  Patients with current alcohol or illicit substance use that in judgment of
             investigator makes study adherence unlikely
      