Trial to Determine the Effects of Bardoxolone Methyl on eGFR in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes and Chronic Kidney Disease 
      This study assesses the effects of bardoxolone methyl (RTA 402) in patients with type 2
      diabetes and chronic kidney disease.
     
      Bardoxolone methyl (RTA 402) is an Antioxidant Inflammation Modulator (AIM) that is
      undergoing clinical testing in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and cancer. Bardoxolone methyl
      and other AIMs inhibit immune-mediated inflammation by restoring redox homeostasis in
      inflamed tissues by inducing the cytoprotective transcription factor Nrf2. In the diabetic
      population, adipocytes produce cytokines and mobilize free fatty acids which induce insulin
      resistance. Resultant hyperglycemia and increased cytokine production induces reactive oxygen
      and nitrogen species which in turn induce vascular inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
      This process causes further activation of NF-kB, creating a vicious cycle of inflammation,
      vasoconstriction, and ischemia, the end result of which is sclerosis in the kidney and
      coronary arteries. By inducing Nrf2 and suppressing redox-driven inflammation, we hypothesize
      that this cycle of inflammation and sclerosis can be abrogated.

      Based on Phase IIa data, we hypothesize that bardoxolone methyl will improve renal function
      through suppression of renal oxidative stress, inflammation and improvement of glomerular
      filtration.
     Chronic Kidney Disease :

          1. Male or female patient, at least 18 years of age with known type 2 diabetes, diagnosis
             of type 2 diabetes should have been made at > 30 years of age (if diabetes developed
             at a younger age, C-peptide level may be obtained to confirm diagnosis)

          2. The average of two eGFR values collected during screening must be within 20 - 45
             mL/min/1.73m2, inclusive

          3. Patient must be receiving an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor and/or an
             angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) for at least 3 months prior to screening, where
             the dose of the ACE inhibitor or the ARB is considered appropriate for that patient,
             and has been stable and maintained on that dose for at least 8 weeks prior to the
             Randomization visit

          4. For male and female subjects, agreement to use effective contraception during the
             entire study period and for at least 2 months after the last dose of study drug,
             unless documentation of infertility exists

          5. Women of child-bearing potential, she must have a negative serum pregnancy test at
             screening and a negative urine pregnancy test confirmed within 72 hours prior to the
             first dose of study medication

          6. Patient is willing and able to cooperate with all aspects of the protocol

          7. Patient is willing and able to give written informed consent for study participation.

         :

          1. Type 1 (insulin-dependent; juvenile onset) diabetes, or any history of diabetic
             ketoacidosis

          2. Patients with known non-diabetic renal disease or patients with a history of a renal
             transplant

          3. Patients with a Hemoglobin A1c >10% collected at the Screening A visit

          4. Cardiovascular disease as follows: Unstable angina pectoris within 3 months prior to
             study randomization; Myocardial infarction, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, or
             percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty/stent within 3 months prior to study
             randomization; Transient ischemic attack within 3 months of study randomization;
             Cerebrovascular accident within 3 months of study randomization; Obstructive valvular
             heart disease or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; Diagnosis of Class III or IV congestive
             heart failure at any time

          5. Systolic blood pressure (BP) >160 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure > 90 determined by
             the average of three seated readings taken at least 5 minutes apart, at each of two
             time-points at least 5 days apart during the screening period

          6. QTc Fredericia interval > 450 milliseconds determined by the average of values
             reported by a central reader from three ECGs taken at the Screening A visit. Each of
             the three ECGs will be obtained using only equipment provided by the Sponsor, and the
             ECGs shall be obtained at least ten minutes apart.

          7. Second or third degree atrioventricular block not successfully treated with a
             pacemaker

          8. Need for chronic (>2 weeks) immunosuppressive therapy, or need for corticosteroids
             (excluding intraarticular injections,inhaled or nasal steroids) within 3 months of
             study randomization

          9. Evidence of hepatic or biliary dysfunction including total bilirubin >1.0 mg/dL (>17
             micromol/L), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) >
             upper limit of normal (ULN), or alkaline phosphatase >2.0 ULN on ANY screening lab

         10. If female, patient is pregnant, nursing or planning a pregnancy

         11. Patient has any concurrent clinical conditions that in the judgment of the
             investigator could either potentially pose a health risk to the patient while involved
             in the study or could potentially influence the study outcome

         12. Patient has known hypersensitivity to any component of the study drug

         13. Patient has undergone a diagnostic or interventional procedure requiring a contrast
             agent within 30 days prior to randomization

         14. Change or dose adjustment in any of the following medications within 8 weeks prior to
             randomization into the study or anticipated change in dose within 30 days following
             randomization into the study: ACE inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers.

         15. Change or dose adjustment of any other anti-hypertensive, and other anti-diabetic
             medications within 8 weeks prior to randomization or anticipated change in dose within
             30 days following randomization into the study

         16. Patient has a current history of drug or alcohol abuse as per the investigator's
             assessment

         17. Patient has participated in another investigational study within 30 days prior to
             randomization into the study or would concomitantly participate in such a study, or
             has previously participated in a trial involving bardoxolone methyl.

         18. Patient is unable to communicate or cooperate with the investigator due to language
             problems, poor mental development or impaired cerebral function

         19. Patient is unable or unwilling to utilize the daily phone diary to track the date and
             time they take their study medication

         20. Patients on any of the following known hepatotoxic agents: Antioxidant
             N-acetly-cysteine (Mucomyst, Acetadote, Fluimucil, Parvolex), Niacin (nicotinic acid),
             Dantrium (dantrolene), Naizide (isoniazid), Normodyne (labetalol), Cylert (pemoline),
             Felbatol (felbamate), Zyflo (zileuton), Tasmar (tolcapone), or Trovan (trovafloxacin).
             Patients must have been off the aforementioned medications for a minimum of two weeks
             prior to randomization

         21. Patients who are unable or unwilling to discontinue fenofibrate (Antara, Fenoglide,
             Lipofen, Lofibra, TriCor, Triglide) during the first three months of study treatment.
             Patients must have been off fenofibrate for a minimum of two weeks prior to
             randomization

         22. Patients who require more than occasional (once or twice weekly) use of non-steroidal
             anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDS)

         23. Patients with a history of neoplastic disease (except basal or squamous cell carcinoma
             of the skin) within 5 years prior to the randomization visit;

         24. Patients who have had prior dialysis within three months of randomization and/or have
             not maintained a stable level of kidney function within three months of randomization
             per Investigator assessment
      