Magic Mouthwash Plus Sucralfate Versus Benzydamine Hydrochloride for the Treatment of Radiation-induced Mucositis 
      Radiation treatment is very effective for treating cancers of the head and neck, however,
      during the course of treatment, it is common for patients to experience soreness of their
      mouth and throat due to the radiation. When radiation causes inflammation of the inside of
      the mouth, it is called 'mucositis'. There are several mouthwashes that are commonly used to
      prevent and treat mucositis, but none of these have been shown to be superior to another.
      This study is being conducted to see if using a combination of magic mouthwash and sucralfate
      is better than using a single mouthwash called benzydamine at decreasing the burden of
      mucositis.
     
      Sixty patients with head and neck cancer being treated with 6 or more weeks of radiotherapy,
      will be randomly assigned to receive either a combination of magic mouthwash
      (diphenhydramine, dexamethasone and nystatin) plus sucralfate or benzydamine. Patients
      randomized to receive magic mouthwash plus sucralfate will rinse first with 5ml of the magic
      mouthwash for 2 minutes then swallow, followed by rinsing with 5ml of the 1g/5ml sucralfate
      for 2 minutes before swallowing, 4 times daily. Patients randomized to receive 0.15%
      benzydamine HCl will be instructed to rinse with 15ml of the solution for 2 minutes before
      expectorating, 4 times daily. Patients will start the mouthwash regimens prior to the
      initiation of radiotherapy, and stop 2 weeks after the completion of radiotherapy.
     Head and Neck Cancer :

          -  Histologically proven squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.

          -  Receiving 6 or more weeks of external beam radiotherapy to a treatment volume that
             includes mucosal surfaces of the head and neck.

         :

          -  Age less than 18 years

          -  ECOG Performance Score 2 or higher

          -  Patient is unable to understand the protocol and/or unable to provide informed consent

          -  Patient is unable or unwilling to complete the questionnaires which are written in
             English.

          -  Prior radiation to the head and neck region that would result in overlap of fields for
             the current study.

          -  Plan to receive a radiation treatment volume that only includes the larynx and or
             hypopharynx with no planned treatment of locoregional lymph nodes.

          -  Plan to receive a concurrent chemotherapy agent other than cisplatin.

          -  Plan to receive other investigational agents (eg. panitumumab).

          -  Investigational agent of any kind within 30 days prior to randomization.

          -  Concurrent administration of any other experimental intervention given for the purpose
             of preventing oral mucositis.

          -  History of allergic or hypersensitivity reactions to any of the possible agents to be
             administered in the study.

          -  Patients who are pregnant or lactating.
      